README.md, before:

## Arun Portfolio

This is a personal portfolio website built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).

### Features
- Modern, responsive design
- Built with Next.js App Router
- UI components powered by Tailwind CSS
- Custom hooks and utilities
- Theme support (light/dark)

### Getting Started

1. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   pnpm install
   ```
2. **Run the development server:**
   ```sh
   pnpm dev
   ```
3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### Project Structure

- `app/` - Application pages and layout
- `components/` - Reusable UI components
- `hooks/` - Custom React hooks
- `lib/` - Utility functions
- `public/` - Static assets
- `styles/` - Global styles

### Customization

Update content, images, and styles to personalize your portfolio. Components are modular and easy to extend.

### License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

refactor: update portfolio layout and styles
- Revised README.md to reflect a modern portfolio design and deployment details.
- Simplified global styles in globals.css, enhancing theme support and animations.
- Refactored page.tsx to improve navigation structure and added intersection observer for animations.
- Enhanced sections for About, Education, Projects, and Skills with improved layout and animations.
- Updated contact section with better styling and functionality for user engagement.

README.md, after:

# Modern portfolio design

*Automatically synced with your [v0.dev](https://v0.dev) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/arunpandian-cs-projects/v0-modern-portfolio-design)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.dev-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/HUR1PCwdrDp)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/arunpandian-cs-projects/v0-modern-portfolio-design](https://vercel.com/arunpandian-cs-projects/v0-modern-portfolio-design)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.dev/chat/projects/HUR1PCwdrDp](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/HUR1PCwdrDp)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.dev](https://v0.dev)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
